Add announcement post of Pectra NFT for EIP authors (#2)
ethcatherders/ech-blog: blogs/pectra-nft-for-eip-authors.md

---
title: "Commemorative NFT for EIP Authors of Pectra Upgrade"
date: 2025-02-24
author: George Hervey
image: https://ipfs.io/ipfs/bafybeidju5f5m6dvgmyxgp4bwf7v7w2nflcbvtly522nua7wycl4g4rfqm
---

# Commemorative NFT for EIP Authors of Pectra Upgrade

We're excited to announce the launch of a special commemorative NFT, designed to express our gratitude to EIP authors who have contributed to the Ethereum ecosystem and have at least one of their EIPs included in the latest upcoming Ethereum network upgrade.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## 📜 Pectra EIPs 

As per [EIP-7600: Hardfork Meta - Pectra](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7600), the following EIPs are **Scheduled for Inclusion**:

* [EIP-2537](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2537): Precompile for BLS12-381 curve operations
* [EIP-2935](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2935): Save historical block hashes in state
* [EIP-6110](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6110): Supply validator deposits on chain
* [EIP-7002](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7002): Execution layer triggerable exits
* [EIP-7251](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7251): Increase the MAX_EFFECTIVE_BALANCE
* [EIP-7549](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7549): Move committee index outside Attestation
* [EIP-7623](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7623): Increase calldata cost
* [EIP-7685](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7685): General purpose execution layer requests
* [EIP-7691](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7691): Blob throughput increase
* [EIP-7702](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7702): Set EOA account code
* [EIP-7840](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7840): Add blob schedule to EL config files
```

> If you authored one of the EIPs in the upcoming Pectra upgrade, you're eligible to claim your NFT now on at: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🎁 Claim Your NFT Now!

If you are an **EIP author** of any of the above proposals, **you’re eligible to claim your commemorative NFT** at:

🔗 **[Claim your NFT here](https://www.ethcatherders.com/upgrades/pectra)**

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 🚀 How to Claim:

```

> [https://www.ethcatherders.com/upgrades/pectra](https://www.ethcatherders.com/upgrades/pectra).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

To claim your commemorative NFT, simply follow these steps:

1. **Verify your Github profile**: It must be the same Github username cited in the EIP(s) authored.
2. **Enter your ENS or wallet address**: The NFT is on Base so ensure you have ownership of that address on that chain. 

> 3. **Claim**: The NFT will be airdropped to your wallet. That's it. Gas covered by us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Claim**: The **gas fees are covered by us!** Your NFT will be airdropped to your wallet.
```

> 

Reviewer: ##  A Token of Appreciation

> This limited-edition NFT is a small token of our appreciation for your efforts. We're grateful for your participation and look forward to seeing your continued contributions to our community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This **limited-edition NFT** is a small way to **celebrate your efforts** and **recognize your contributions** to Ethereum.  We deeply appreciate your hard work and look forward to your continued contributions to our community.
```

> Follow the Ethereum Cat Herders on [Website](https://ethcatherders.com), [GitHub](https://github.com/ethcatherders/EIPIP), [Twitter](https://x.com/ethcatherders), [Medium](https://medium.com/ethereum-cat-herders), and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@ethcatherders).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 🐱 With Love,  
**Ethereum Cat Herders**  

📺 Watch A Paw-some Video - [Preparing for Pectra](https://youtu.be/5pMkHeG-lC0)  

🔗 Follow Ethereum Cat Herders on:  
🌐 [Website](https://www.ethcatherders.com) | 🐙 [GitHub](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders) | 🐦 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/EthCatHerders) | ✍️ [Medium](https://medium.com/ethereum-cat-herders) | 📺 [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/EthereumCatHerders)
```
